everybody welcome to airsoft review HD
I'm doing unboxing of a giveaway from
airsoft utah on youtube and weapon
blender ok so i won this in the giveaway
and i don't know exactly what's in here
all i know is that there is a gun bag
but everything else there's a mystery
stuff in here so let's see what is in
here I'm gonna find out what is in here
just like you are ok tape that up what
are you get tape enjoy all right just
put that down there ya gonna need this
game very heavy David job alright well I
don't know there's a heart on the note
all right make sure to check all pouches
all pouches ok alright so let's get this
audit oh you're stacked off here this is
a explorer tactical gear case Wow
alright let's open up this stuff the
main one for actually dang ok let's open
up all this stuff first I gotta nip this
actually fight you know I mean oh you
know awesome because I don't know what's
in here oh dang alright got a weapon
blender hat which is oh sure kind of hit
me but it is awesome it's really soft
actually is on
love them wonder okay I have a thing for
your neck I'll show you that as I finish
that up there have a hydration pack oh
so a holds I hydration carrier inside
there goes on your back it's one I just
think I don't gotta buy oh alright keep
this right here show you it all closed
up eventually I got Oh some osam be that
is whatever just autographed by three
people here blu-ray okay I have another
hat with a weapon blender pass on there
and this a multicam at very comfortable
it's nothing around here for you know
hotness and all that type of stuff I
have a digital battery charger for
flashlights I think again I'll show you
all that oh I got a red dot scope I got
a red dot scope with rails I don't know
what this goes for but i'll show you
this a little bit here it's gonna be a
long a boxing video but hey it's all
right all right i got a red dot aight i
got 5 11 tactical gloves
hi oh you go I got a don't know what hat
type this is what it is a hat um I'll
show you that again I got edge thinks
the same as the gun case edge glasses
with a little bag which could also have
some other stuff if I need it so I'm
gonna run our room here ok I'm going to
have some stickers weapon blender three
weapon blender stickers cool I have a
weapon blender or not flapping blenders
to patch actually seen this before and
wanted it oh I got another patch Spartan
patch I think that's one
I got another patch it said looking like
a Spartan toe so PVC patch I've 3pg Pat
just another patch which is a looks like
The Punisher is God will judge our
enemies will arrange the meeting all
right and another patch which is another
weapon blender calm patch sweet and then
in here which is actually spec this open
explorer tactical gear I oh I have a
flashlight a true trustfire flashlight
and I am unbelievable I don't know how
to say this I'll believed humble love
got annoyed by oh and some more weapon
blender patches ok I'll show you all
this stuff I'm not gonna lie here this
is more than I expected more than I hope
for and I am actually really happy
because it saved me a lot of money does
all this stuff here save me a ton and I
am happy that day and supplied us or
supplied me with this giveaway prizes
and um I'll switch the camera angles
around and I'll put all this stuff on
the table here and I'll show you all
what I got everybody so this is
everything I've got excluding the
packaging of the red dot but anyways all
I got everything here was from the
giveaway except for the table but I just
like to thank weapon blender and they're
soft you taught for who in this giveaway
and make sure you subscribe of and
there's gonna be another giveaway on
boxing coming soon so
make sure you subscribe of and if you
liked the video leave like otherwise
that's it for now I'm sorry you can't
see my face but uh see you later and I'm
out